Small Tweaks for Static Analysis (#19512)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/static_analysis/_index.md

In Datadog Static Analysis, there are two types of suggested fixes:

> 1. **Default Suggested Fix:** For simple violations like linting issues, templated fixes are automatically provided by the rule analyzer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Default Suggested Fix:** For simple violations like linting issues, the rule analyzer automatically provides templated fixes.
```
